so finally we have our anaconda and this
was probably always going to be our best
chance of finding one was just pure luck
the guys were out on the road and they
saw this wonderful female at the
waterside and that's really what we were
hoping to find it's a good size I'm
guessing that it's probably two and a
half meters in length
possibly even actually getting on four
three meters in length and an animal of
this size can certainly take down the
largest birds that you'll find around
here at the waterside it might even take
on a baby capybara despite the fact that
the head is so small it can swell to
take in very decent sized prey and look
at the length of it it is really a
mighty animal and incredibly strong but
even this one here is a baby compared to
the true monster anacondas the largest
ones that have ever been found are for
sure seven meters possibly even as much
as nine meters which is as long as a bus
and an animal like that is capable of
eating a fully grown capybara even a
deer it's a great swimmer it moves with
incredible ease through the water with a
beautiful serpentine motion and also all
of these wonderful colors give it
perfect camouflage down there in the
vegetation from its prey and also for
potential predators too right okay and
quite like I should show you the teeth
and to do that I need to get control of
the head
right okay
now looking into the mouth of an
anaconda you can see those incredibly
sharp pointed teeth they're covered up
by a layer of skin there's two rows on
the upper jaw and one on the lower jaw
and because they're so sharp
once they've hooked into prey there is
simply no way a prey animal is going to
escape and it can be funneled down into
that throat it takes a firm grip to
restrain an anaconda
but these snakes are tough enough to
constrict crocodiles to death so this
isn't going to hurt the snake one little
bit and kind of being wound at the
moment into a serpent straightjacket
the anaconda was doubtless crossing the
road to head to a better hunting pond so
that's where I release it this is it's
true environment this is the place where
this animal absolutely rules before I
put it back though I just have to say
that the green anaconda perhaps the most
iconic legendary snake in the whole
world the heaviest largest bodied and
strongest of all snakes definitely going
on my list
you